Master, would you please announce it?
I solemnly declare
Hangzhou National Treasure is a bridge
Tianshi descends the mountain
I didn't expect Master Bai and I to be wrong
Almost let that national treasure
Let him never envy the world
I'm not feeling well on the bridge, I'll go first
I accompany you
No, the national treasure is mine
The rice bucket is mine
Don't look at my teacher
I'm not a vegetarian
Impudent Master Bai is here
Are you wiping your eyes here?
You are still talking
If it weren't for you, I wouldn't be wrong at all
What are you pretending to do?
Just a lie
You can't even tell the difference between the dirt and the side
Pardon me?
Give you a chance, you are useless?
What's the matter, this bottle is worth the money now
Do you want to go back to your spring and autumn dreams?
willing to admit defeat
Kneel down and call Daddy
You made me kneel down and call me daddy
Do you know who my father is?
You look down on
The emperor is a famous family
His father was a statesman on the voyage.
Let him go
He's not something you can burn fat with.
Almost left you behind
And you just kneel down together
You also deserve
Bridge forget it
The family background of the two of them
Not something you can afford to mess with
Let's go. Get on your knees